1. What is Emmet?
=> Emmet is a free add-on for your text editor. It allows you to type shortcuts that are then expanded into full pieces of code. 

2. Difference between a Library and Framework?
=> A framework is used for building and deploying an application quickly. When we use a framework, we can use resources to facilitate faster development and a greater user experience. A library is used to enhance the functionality of an application.

3. What is CDN? Why do we use it?
=> A CDN, or content delivery network, is a network or collection of servers in locations all over the world. Also known as a content distribution network, a CDN can refer to many types of content delivery services, such as load balancing and video streaming. A CDN improves efficiency by introducing intermediary servers between the client and the website server. These CDN servers manage some of the client-server communications. They decrease web traffic to the web server, reduce bandwidth consumption, and improve the user experience of your applications.

4. Why is React known as React?
=> React is called "React" because of its core feature, which is its ability to "react" or respond dynamically to changes in data. React was originally created by Facebook in 2011 for use in their own web applications, and it was released as an open-source project in 2013.

5. What is crossorigin in script tag?
=> The crossorigin attribute sets the mode of the request to an HTTP CORS Request. Web pages often make requests to load resources on other servers. Here is where CORS comes in. A cross-origin request is a request for a resource (e.g. style sheets, iframes, images, fonts, or scripts) from another domain.

6. What is diference between React and ReactDOM?
=>  React is a JavaScript library for building User Interfaces and ReactDOM is the JavaScript library that allows React to interact with the DOM. Think again. As the name implies, ReactDOM is the glue between React and the DOM.

7. What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
=> The development build is used - as the name suggests - for development reasons. You have Source Maps, debugging and often times hot reloading ability in those builds. The production build, on the other hand, runs in production mode which means this is the code running on your client's machine.

8. What is async and defer? -
=> Async allows your script to run as soon as it's loaded, without blocking other elements on the page. Defer means your script will only execute after the page has finished loading. In most cases, async is the better option — but there are exceptions.